README.md, before:

# Adidas Cart

This is a simplified implementation of the shopping and checkout workflow for the Adidas shopping experience.

## How to use

### Installation and running the app locally

1. Download the source code
2. `cd` into the base directory and run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start` to start up the Express server
4. `cd` into the client directory and run `npm install`
5. Run `npm start` and navigate to localhost:3000
6. Success!

### Building and deploying the app

This app is deployed and hosted via Heroku with automated deploys synced with Github. Whenever a code change is pushed to master branch, the app will automatically redeploy. You can view the hosted app [here](https://damp-fortress-95731.herokuapp.com/).

### Using the app

The first page you see is a list of several products that you can interact with. Clicking on "select item" will bring up a modal screen that allows you to select a size and quantity to add to your bag. In the top right, there is a menu button, that when clicked will open up the bag view. This view shows all of the items that you have added to your bag as well as the quantity of those items. You are able to change the quantity of the items listed there as well as remove any. Once you are finished with your bag, click on "show order overview" to review your order. This order summary shows the pricing breakdown of your bag. Clicking on "checkout" would continue the checkout process (ie. billing and shipping info) but that is outside the scope of this assignment.

Commit message:

Added some notes to the README

README.md, after:

# Adidas Cart

This is a simplified implementation of the shopping and checkout workflow for the Adidas shopping experience.

## Notes

I ran into a couple of complications working with the Product and Basket APIs. Locally, the Product API works fine. I set up a proxy server in order to get past any CORS issues. As far as the Basket API goes, I could never hit any of the endpoints while using the app. It always returns a 403. I was even unsuccessful using the Swagger documentation and using Postman was finnicky (sometimes it would work and sometimes it would return a 403). I spent way too much time trying to figure that issue out and I would love to hear your thoughts on getting around that! Since the Basket API implementation is missing, the UI has a couple of workarounds in order to make the UX of the shopping experience work.

I also ran into more 403 errors when the app is running in the deployed environment. The Product API will now return a 403 whenever I try to hit it, and just as before, the Basket API will return a 403 as well. I'm all out of ideas on that 403 issue...

## How to use

### Installation and running the app locally

1. Download the source code
2. `cd` into the base directory and run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start` to start up the Express server
4. `cd` into the client directory and run `npm install`
5. Run `npm start` and navigate to localhost:3000
6. Success!

### Building and deploying the app

This app is deployed and hosted via Heroku with automated deploys synced with Github. Whenever a code change is pushed to master branch, the app will automatically redeploy. You can view the hosted app [here](https://damp-fortress-95731.herokuapp.com/).

### Using the app

The first page you see is a list of several products that you can interact with. Clicking on "select item" will bring up a modal screen that allows you to select a size and quantity to add to your bag. In the top right, there is a menu button, that when clicked will open up the bag view. This view shows all of the items that you have added to your bag as well as the quantity of those items. You are able to change the quantity of the items listed there as well as remove any. Once you are finished with your bag, click on "show order overview" to review your order. This order summary shows the pricing breakdown of your bag. Clicking on "checkout" would continue the checkout process (ie. billing and shipping info) but that is outside the scope of this assignment.
